# Social Event Tracker

Social Event Tracker is a microservices-based system for tracking social events. It uses a NestJS-based architecture with NATS support for message exchange between services.

## Installation & Running

### Prerequisites

Before building and deploying via `docker-compose`, set the `NODE_ENV` environment variable to one of the following values:

- `production`
- `development`
- `staging`

Each microservice contains three `.env` files for the corresponding environments.

### Running with Docker

```sh
docker-compose build --no-cache

docker-compose up
```

### Running an Individual Service

To run a specific service, create an `.env` file without an environment extension or pass the environment variables directly to the application.

## Known Issues

** For the Grafana dashboard to function correctly, log in using:

- **Login:** admin  
- **Password:** admin  

In the main dashboard, for each graph, set the correct datasource (`prometheus`) in the settings.

Metrics are collected by the `gateway` and `collector` services and can be viewed in Grafana. Before that, an actual datasource needs to be configured in Grafana settings.

** Due to the high number of events generated by the external service [`andriiuni/events`](https://hub.docker.com/r/andriiuni/events), request processing time can take up to 30-40 seconds.
  The response to a request includes a report on the number of received and processed events (details in the logs of the corresponding service).

---

